chore: instructing to use --nimMainPrefix in libraries (#26)
status-im/nim-style-guide: src/interop.md

  echo "Hello from Nim
```

When creating a Nim library, it should be compiled with the flag `--nimMainPrefix:your_prefix`. This changes the generated `NimMain()` function to `your_prefixNimMain()`, ensuring that its runtime initialization won’t conflict with other Nim libraries or applications.

> Then, proceed to use `your_prefixNimMain()` intead of `NimMain()` to initialize your library.

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
Then, proceed to use `your_prefixNimMain()` intead of `NimMain()` to initialize your library's Nim runtime.
```

Author: Looks good! Thank you! :)
